# Trading-Bot
Stock market artificial intelligence trading bot.This software would provide an AI prediction that will correctly predict the fluctuation of stock prices. What we would need to have in order to create this software would be some resources in order to provide data for the program to be as accurate as possible. These resources can be from websites such as “Yahoo Finance”, “Alpha Advantage”, “American Bulls”, etc. At the same time, we could also retrieve trading strategies from resources such as “Investopedia”, “Wikipedia”, or “DayTrading”. All these would enhance the fundamental and technical analysis of each stock that was entered into the trading bot, making the decision for any trader easier. It would first begin by the user entering a ticker symbol for a stock in the market and the users target price based on his own opinion for that stock. Then it would fetch the data for the for the financials and news catalysts effecting such stock. After that it would retrieve further information regarding the technical analysis of the stock chart after reviewing successful trading patterns/strategies from the web. Finally after considering all the data retrieved it would then produce a confidence percentage of that stock hitting the users target price, as well as producing a 3-6 month forecast of the stocks lowest price, median price, and high price predictions. This would be able to be used by anyone interested in making short or long-term investments in the stock market and can also be sold as a service to customers if it has a consistent success rate.
